Links: Filter datasources in derived link to tracing only (#23948)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/features/datasources/loki.md

    jsonData:
      maxLines: 1000
      derivedFields:

>         # Field with internal link pointing to datasource in Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Field with internal link pointing to data source in Grafana.
```

Reviewer: Per the [Documentation style guide](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/contribute/style-guides/documentation-style-guide.md), "data source" is two words.

>         # At this moment only Jaeger and Zipkin datasource is supported as the link target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Right now, Grafana supports only Jaeger and Zipkin data sources as link targets.
```
